Retry skopeo inspect command (#933)
containers/skopeo: docs/skopeo.1.md

  **--registries.d** _dir_ use registry configuration files in _dir_ (e.g. for container signature storage), overriding the default path.

>   **--retry-delay** _duration_  time to wait before retry execution.  default waiting time is 5 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **--retry-delay** _duration_  time to wait before retrying.  The default wait time is 5 seconds.
```
